Hello everybody, and welcome back to
Joystix VR. Today, we are checking out
the new Gorilla Tag update. Yep, let’s get
right into it. So, I heard that Beach—
I heard that Beach changed the most. This is
my first time seeing Beach on this new
update, so I am
ready. Whoa, this is a full-on—
like water... Oh my God, this is like a
full-on water burn.
Guys, yo, this is actually a pretty cool
update.
Yo, ain’t no way... Yo, yo, yo, where do you
enter? Where do you
ready? Let’s
go! Oh, it started.
[Music]
[Music] Guys, Gorilla attack! Guys, well, guys,
attack! Yo, more water park, more water
park.
[Music]
[Music] Tag, real B guys, Gorilla Tag, real B guys.
Gorilla Tag, real ball guys, Gorilla Tag,
real ball guys, Gorilla Tag,
real out.
Clowns, this feels like a water slide.
Really? No, wait, did it change anything? I
don’t think it changed anything, to be
honest. Oh, I see water, I see, I see fall
guys up there. Okay, we’re in the Fortnite—
I mean clouds map.
Guys, Fall Guys x Fortnite Gorilla Tag.
Real, thank you everyone for watching
this video. I’ll see you next update or
next live stream, whichever comes first.
See you!